Fix typos in mission dialogue (#7945)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 4 middle.txt

				`	"I'd be glad to help. What can I do?"`
					goto explain
				`	"What issue?"`

> 			`	"I understand that you just defended this system from human pirates. That is the issue that needs resolving.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"I understand that you just defended this system from human pirates. That is the issue that needs to be resolved.`
```

This isn't necessarily incorrect (especially as spoken dialogue), but this also isn't the simplest fix.

Suggesting the change to a more fitting fix, but dropping "to be" is such a very common convention in speech that I really think this one may be best left as is.

Author: I understand that "to be" is often dropped, but "needs resolved" is definitely not valid. "Needs to be resolved" would be fine.

Reviewer: Spoken dialogue not being grammatically correct is wholly valid, as long as it is intended. ;)
